When you get onto the app you pick either advertiser or driver here is what both sides will need




Advertiser - 10$ monthly fee + 1$ monthly fee per sticker in use


You first say if your sticker is location based (as in if you specifically want it in certain zip codes) and if so what areas you are good with drivers being in 


Then you pick if you want to provide and ship the stickers yourself or if you just want to submit the design and have us take care of it


Then you submit your designs + size repeat what areas you want them to show up in 


Then the final step before they publish the ad for drivers is it would run them through exactly how much each sticker will cost then a month to pay drivers and what's the most amount of stickers they are willing to pay for 
WILL ADD PRICE SCALING SOON will need more info on which company we will be working with which i will have by the end of august




Driver


First thing you do is put zip codes in 


Then it lists all advertising you can put on your car along with prices 


Then if drivers click on an ad and press deliver they put their address in and bank account details and it will either let the company know where to send it if the company wants to provide them themselves OR if the company elected us to do it send the information to the company that is still to be decided 


Once a month in the app camera (like snapchat) will let you know you have 24 hours to send a picture of the stickers on your car










Payment
App will need to be able to take money from companies and give it monthly to the drivers


If companies choose to let us produce the stickers we need a way for them to pay us for manufacturing them




Sams part:


WHO
	Noah, Sam, Joel
	WHAT
	Detailed description of the product
	WHEN
	Before Thanksgiving
	WHERE
	Location based
	WHY
	Simplify advertising
	HOW
	Below
	

1. Design
2. Front end
   1. Tech stack: React native to ensure compatibility between apple, android, and possibly web
3. Back-end 
   1. The backend should serve as a communicator between the client.
   2. Things to send to back-end:
      1. Location (zipcode)
      2. Account detail (names, company, etc)
      3. provide/ship
   3. Tech stack - REST/GET api build on Node.js with maybe express
4. Database
   1. Secure
   2. Need consistency and availability because of payments
5. Payment - Third party
6. Deploy
   1. Front end- figure it out as we go (publishing app might be tricky)
   2. Backend/api - vercel free tier until we need to scale